Add descriptions of issues that Datalab can detect to docs (#682)
cleanlab/cleanlab: docs/source/cleanlab/datalab/guide/index.rst

   .. include:: ../optional_dependencies.rst

Types of issues
---------------

> These guides are for users who want to use Datalab with greater control, selecting what issues to search for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These guides are for users who want to use Datalab with greater control, selecting what issues to search for and what settings to use for detecting them.
```

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 3

   issue_type_description

Customizing issue types
-----------------------

> These guides are for developers create their own IssueManager so that they work with Datalab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These guides are for developers to create a custom issue type that Datalab can audit for together with the built-in issue types it already detects.
```
